yeah in some ways three years seems like
a long time but guess what this is still
a problem
this is still an issue of my life today
as you can see from the screenshot the
comment you see here was made three
hours ago
and I bothered to post a reply not just
that I wrapped this up in a bow and sent
it to durianrider
said an email the durianrider saying
look man you really need to come out and
make a factual retraction of your claims
I say factual because like I don't need
an emotional apology don't anything else
but I mean actions have consequences
defamation on the Internet casts a
really long shadow and this still casts
a shadow over my life to this day Jeff
Nelson your conduct and misconduct on
this issue still has consequences for me
to this day and you know what Jeff
looking back I should have sued your ass
I should have dragged you into court
because unlike durianrider that really
would have made a difference one minute
response to Jeff Nelson launching a
series of lawsuits against troll
accounts scattered all over the world
the irony from my perspective is that
the first time Jeff got in touch with me
when he sent me these [ __ ] emails
Jeff's whole arguments was that I should
not sue durianrider and my situation
with durianrider was much much much more
serious
Jeff none of these people were trying to
beat you up in the streets of Chiangmai
when durianrider came at me it was a
credible threat we were both in
Chiangmai
Jeff none of these people are destroying
your job prospects by [ __ ] you know
bike lane by making very serious
criminal and sexual allegations against
you and I gotta tell you Jeff the
outcome of during Ryder's defamation of
me it is real in my life I do think you
know when I was applying for jobs in
Japan the people doing the job
interviews were putting my name at the
Google and what do they see I do think
it's a factor there and there's one case
where I know it's a factor I have a new
girlfriend when I was just meeting and
getting to know my new
girlfriend I've talked to her parents
over Skype Adam at the face-to-face her
parents put my name into Google they
said they found that thanks of him he
has two brothers I think one of her
brothers put my name into Google finds
this bad [ __ ] about me so you know like
Jeff I do not believe anyone really
thinks you were in remotely so serious
the situation with this defamation as I
was with mine is it defamation
technically speaking yes but Jeff you're
a liar and a hypocrite and an [ __ ]
because your whole response to me when I
was in a very serious situation apart
from publicly insulting me ridiculing me
lying about me defaming which you did to
me Jeff I'd be in a position take you to
court Jeff Nelson you keep a critical
sack of [ __ ] but your whole argument in
the friendly emails you sent me because
some of your emails were legit friendly
you were trying to convince me to drop
the lawsuit against Jerry Ryder in you
know your main argument which again I
respect to a limited extent I respect to
some extent was that you talked about
how [ __ ] horrible your own past
experiences were with starting lawsuits
and getting involved in the court system
and all this stuff so Jeff I could quote
your emails back to you the advice you
gave me when you were trying to talk me
out of a lawsuit with during right right
again in my case it is not even a
lawsuit the word lawsuit is very vague
in English in my case I'm simply
pressing criminal charges that's it so
it's not like a civil suit it's not that
involuted or convoluted and it may end
in failure everyone is innocent until
proven guilty and all the time you can
pay lawyers and they do the paperwork
and the case is inconclusive where the
judge throws it out or the judge throws
it at a technicality
or the judge just says justice is not
worth serving in your case go back to
Canada I wouldn't blame the Thai court
system for being racist against me in
that sense they may well have the
sentiment that the Thai justice system
has better things to do than sort out
pissing contest between two foreigners
who don't even live in Thailand I can
sympathize if my case gets thrown at a
court you say well I did my best
I put
this case in the interest of justice in
the interest of raising the standards of
conduct within the so-called vegan
community community that doesn't exist a
movement that doesn't exist yet of
trying to yes punish someone legally for
taking the name of veganism and dragging
it through the mud to try to punish
someone legally for taking my name my
name that I got to use when I hand over
my CV and apply for a job my name that
my girlfriend's parents put into Google
yes to punish him for dragging my name
through the mud and Jeff you were 100%
wrong in the advice you gave to me and
now you're not even following that
advice yourself you're starting lawsuits
over complete [ __ ] or you've got
nothing to win you don't have an ethical
[ __ ] leg to stand on you're not
trying to improve and you didn't give a
[ __ ] when it mattered when it mattered
when everyone on YouTube was freaking
out and yeah I was breaking down court
crying on YouTube knowledge [ __ ]
whatever one was talking about the
conduct of your best buddy
during Reiter who you still support you
still repeat his defamation about me
I've got a video about that not so long
ago on your [ __ ] blog you know I've
seen it in writing of you repeating the
same defamation the same sexual get you
to meet Jeff I could take your ass to
court and have a ten times better case
then you've got against any of these
people on YouTube I mean you are making
a case out of [ __ ] where you haven't
suffered there are no possible negative
consequences for you and you know this
you know this and not only did you back
Doreen writer at the time you back him
after the fact when nobody's back and
during writing or what Doria writer
himself has admitted that he was
trolling and or lying I mean Turner
didn't really apologize but he kind of
just confesses in his stupid way oh yeah
this was all BS whatever I mean look
when that controversy started Jeff
nobody thought vegan gains was gonna
back me up vegan gains and durianrider
were very much publicly allies and on
the same page nobody was expecting that
nobody was expecting all the people to
stand up and do the right thing who did
and Jeff you stayed in your seat and
when you finally did stand up you were
doing
long thing and you're still doing the
wrong thing now Jeff unlike me you're at
an age where you're already retired you
don't have to take your CV out and apply
for jobs you don't I don't think you
have any new girlfriends whose parents
are gonna put your name into Google and
figure out what kind of guy you I think
you're past that in life Jeff correct me
if I'm wrong I don't think you're out
there hustling the way I'm I don't think
this stuff has the kind of race or
consequence of you so Jeff I want you to
think about the future I want you to
think about your legacy and goddamnit I
want you to think about the future of
veganism as a movement somebody has to
for [ __ ] sake Jeff
somebody has to I mean really people
like to disrespect my truth but the fact
is that you know my name is I don't know